Find key pressed overlay.

Hello and thanks for trying out my Arcs mod for Tabletop Playground.

When you load the mod, you'll start with all the components for four players
including leaders and lore, and all of the campaign content too. You could just
start playing the game right away if you wanted.

But, we have several options for automatic setup.

Let's just start with the base game: all you need to do is shuffle the
appropriate deck for your player count and draw a card. Since the setup cards
are never used in a campaign, all of the campaign content gets removed when you
shuffle any setup deck. Or, if you're looking to play a specific setup, go
ahead and find and draw that. Once you know which setup card you're using, you
can right click and choose "Setup". Or, you can also press R on the card.

If you're new to Tabletop Playground, you should get used to using R to do the
primary action of any object: shuffling a deck of cards, rolling dice, or
initiating an action. You'll see me use it often in this mod.

Once you run the setup card, a first player is randomly chosen and the number
of player boards will get setup following the card. From here, you can
immediately start the first round.

Let's back up and use Leaders and Lore though.

After you've chosen a setup card, you can go into the Leader and Lore draft,
including whichever decks you want. Here I'll go ahead and combine everything
from the base game and the Leaders and Lore expansion, shuffle everything then
draw, say, four of each, for a three player game. Place your drafted Leader and
Lore cards next to your player board. Once those are in place, _now_ you can
finish running setup by pressing R on the setup card. Notice how the setup has
now followed the setup specified on each Leader card.

This mod makes campaign setup a cinch too. So, let's just cover that really
quickly before moving on. To start a campaign, all you need to do is shuffle
the "A" Fate deck and choose how many players you have. Two "A" Fates will be
dealt to each player and the rest of the board will be setup according to the
Blighted Reach campaign setup. Players should pick their "A" Fates and place
them next to their player boards on top of the starting Imperial Regent cards.
Take their spawned Fate sets and continue player setup using each Fate's setup
card, making sure the First Regent tile goes to the proper player. Continue
setup from the campaign rule book to place ships and buildings and gain
starting resources. The objective marker will be set accordingly. Click Deal on
the action deck when you're ready to start the game.

With setup done, let's get into some of the mod features that help you play the
game more easily.

Let's start with card play. Let's go ahead and lead a card

Ship damage, grouping
City damage

Counting stuff
dice
influence
ambition
